Structure


	Introduction

		Thankyou
			Firstly, thanks for giving me the opportunity to apply for the new role.


	Overview 

		Why I'm applying for the role
			Enthusiastic about expanding my role and skill set
			Enjoy mentoring developers and passing on knowldge 						

		Why I'm a good fit - qualified, experienced, passionate
			3 Years experience of being a lead developer
			Many years experience of TPR's systems and practises
			Passionate about code and tech
			Volunteering for technical interview


	Priorities Challenges for your first 90 days in post 
		First I would like to outline my plan for the first 90 days in post with SMART objectives before going into more detail on the priorities and opportunities presented by the new role.  
		

	90 Day Plan

		30 days - Understand - process, people, procedure
			Meeting with Technical Design Lead to go over how we can work togther to supply the technical skills and align our vision 
			Meeting with IT Development Manager for handover of responsibilties.
			Work with stake holders to setup formal and informal processes to provide information feedback between the Technical Design Lead, IT Development Manager and Lead .NET Developer with the information they require.
			Setup team meeting and give presentation on my plans, respond to any questions. 
			1-2-1's with all developers 2 weeks (allowing for holidays)
			Objective setting with all developers 4 weeks (allowing for holidays)
			Personal development - self learning around management theory/practice and familiarisation with process and procedure within TPR. 
			Settle into new role


		60 days - Evaluate  - asses and evaluate current processes	
			Work with IT Test Manager and test team to review interteam communication, processes and practises with view to improvment. begiin gathering ideas.
			Work with BA's and IT development team to identify any areas for improvement begin process of creating a plan. begiin gathering ideas.
			Review objectives of the team and proactivly offer support, motivation and encouragement 
			Gather feedback from the team regarding challanges they are experiencing and ideas they have for improvement 
			Meeeting with IT Development Manager for feedback on role. 
			Meeeting with Technical Design Lead to review work carried out in previous month to identify any skill gaps and how we can provide mentoring and training to address those. 

		90 days - Optimise - initiate action plan, implement new strategies
			Meeeting with Technical Design Lead and IT Development Manager to review previos findings, implement any enw plan and see if we've been effective
			Meeting with BA team to review findings and formlise any plans and processes  
			Meeting with Test team to review findings and formlise any plans and processes  
			Objective setting with all developers. Review goals and objectives and create plans to tackle them not meeting them.
			
		

	Empower develoeprs so they feel their ideas are listened too. 

		Involve developers more with future plans and the reasons strategic decisions are being made. 
		At the start of projects, be them maintance releases or green feild, ask developers if they have any ideas for work they think they should be carried out of tech used.
		Provide resources latitude to allow developers to pick training once a year or get free travel to London for talks (skills matter)
	
	Mentoring 
		Where practical put more slack into projects to allow developers to innovate
		Encourage pair programming and working together to solve problems. Skills sharing. 
 		Carry out more detailed code reviews. Provide feedback on code structure and SOLID practises alongside general correctness. 

	Testing
		Steps to reproduce
		Full screen shots
		Missing PSR's on effected schemes in exchange release

	Business Analysis
		Reviewing specification documents to pick up issues and questions early
		Working to create complete documention of new and existing systems (rather than just specs for bits of work, living spec)
		

	Documentation
		Continue to add to our shared documentation 
		Encourage developers to write up information learned when enhancing or fixing systems (Recovery plan process, Logging, SegSec SSIS)



Priorities
	Ensure there is no disruption to the team and they feel supported and that I am there to assist.
	Improving the productivity of the team - pair programming, training budget, skills matter, 
	Increasing motivation - feel part of something, acticuly contribute ideas, building bridges 
	Working more closely with test team - process steps to repro etc
	Allow space for invovation
	Mentoring


Challenges
	Multi-tasking - splitting my role between dev and people management 
	Improving estimates
	Uncovering unclear requirements early
	Improve visability
	Improve morale
	Increase feedback
	Improve quality
	Build in slack 

 Mentoring. Formal meeetings and communications - email / meeting
		Take any relevent pluralsight courses and read up on subject
 
		
SMART (specific, measureable, attainable, realistic, and time-bound) overview 
	

		
	
	
 SMART acronym? Set goals that are specific, measureable, attainable, realistic, and time-bound


https://www.themuse.com/advice/how-to-give-an-interview-presentation-thatll-convince-the-entire-room-youre-the-one
https://medium.com/@Phebean/the-winning-interview-strategy-30-60-90-day-plan-91bfd068e11c



	

Testing
Psychology
Support - identify where we can make most effeciancies
Agile / XP
Entheusiasm



Experience in previous role
Volunteering for technical interview
Recent course on agile management
I genuine desire to expand my role and skill set
Enjoy mentoring other developers and working with the team to improve the way we work together
Ideas around pair programming and 

Danial - helping but also trying to explain good coding practices
Trying to implement best practices - reviewing appoaches and sharing results - logging

IT Development Manager
